Success is the best revenge.
Shoot for the stars, so if you fall you land on a cloud.
Everyone’s always telling you to be humble. When was the last time someone told you to be great?
Love your haters – they’re your biggest fans.
Everything I’m not makes me everything I am.
If you’re a Kanye West fan, you’re not a fan of me, you’re a fan of yourself. You will believe in yourself. I’m just the espresso.
We gonna touch the sky.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
For me giving up is way harder than trying.
Having money isn’t everything, not having it is.
I hate when I’m on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle.
Recognize and embrace your flaws so you can learn from them. Sometimes it takes a little polishing to truly shine.
That that don’t kill me, can only make me stronger.
If you know you’re the best it only makes sense for you to surround yourself with the best. NO EXCEPTIONS.
I’m a creative genius and there’s no other way to word it.
George Bush doesn’t care about black people.
Criticism can bother you, but you should be more bothered if there’s no criticism. That means you’re too safe.
The plan was to drink until the pain is over, But what’s worse, the pain or the hangover?
If you admire somebody, you should go ahead and tell them. People never get the flowers while they can still smell them.
I refuse to accept other people’s ideas of happiness for me. As if there’s a ‘one size fits all’ standard for happiness.
I refuse to follow the rules where society tries to control people with low self esteem.
They say your attitude determines your latitude...
No one man should have all that power.
Everything in the world is exactly the same.
For me to say I wasn’t a genius I’d just be lying to you and to myself.
This is my life homie, you decide yours.
50 told me go head and switch the style up and if they hate, let ’em hate, watch the money pile up.
Know your worth! People always act like they’re doing more for you than you’re doing for them.
Hate and love are very similar emotions. The opposite of love is you don’t care.
Wait ’till I get my money right...
I’m typing so f-ing hard I might break my f-ing Mac book Air!!!!!!!!
You’re not perfect, but you’re not your mistakes.
My Caps Lock Key Is Loud!
Rome wasn’t built in a day, and the internet is our new Rome.
I’m on the pursuit of awesomeness, excellence is the bare minimum.
Fur pillows are actually hard to sleep on.
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
We all self-conscious. I’m just the first to admit it.
If you’re taught you can’t do anything you won’t do anything, I was taught I could do everything.
Fonts. I get emotional over fonts.
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine.
If I don’t win, the award show loses credibility.
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive.
My attitude is tattooed that means it’s permanent.
I make all my own decisions and I take full responsibility.
I feel like I’m too busy writing history to read it.
I guess every superhero need his theme music.
I am a God, so hurry up with my damn massage; in a French-ass restaurant, hurry up with my damn croissants.
If you fall on concrete, that’s yo ass fault.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?