Just be yourself, there is no one better.
Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear.
People haven’t always been there for me but music always has.
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
If you're lucky enough to be different, never change.
Never believe anyone who tells you that you don't deserve what you want.
Giving up doesn't always mean your weak . Sometimes you're just strong enough to let go.
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
If somebody hurts you, it's okay to cry a river. Just remember to build a bridge and get over it.
Being fearless is having a lot of fears, but you jump anyway.
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
You have to write 100 songs before you write the first good one.
Life isn’t how to survive the storm, it’s about how to dance in the rain.
Don't ever regret being honest. Period.
If they don’t like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.
I am smart unless I am really, really in love, and then I am ridiculously stupid.
I think every girl's dream is to find a bad boy at the right time, when he wants to not be bad anymore.
I think I fell in love with words before I fell in love with music.
I miss you more than the sun misses the sky at night.
A letdown is worth a few songs. A heartbreak is worth a few albums.
Every one of my regrets has produced a song I'm proud of. 
We should love, not fall in love, because everything that falls, gets broken.
People are going to judge you anyway, so you might as well do what you want.
Be that strong girl that everyone knew would make it through the worst, be that fearless girl, the one who would dare to do anything, be that independent girl who didn’t need a man; be that girl who never backed down.
If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.
You can’t have a better tomorrow, if you keep thinking about yesterday.
Sometimes the person you’d take a bullet for is the person behind the trigger.
People throw rocks at things that shine.
Let go of people who bring you down, and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
I don’t think you should wait. I think you should speak now.
There's more to life than dating the boy on the football team.
In life and love, you learn that there comes a time to let go and move on.
Words can break someone into a million pieces, but they can also put them back together. I hope you use yours for good, because the only words you’ll regret more than the ones left unsaid are the ones you use to intentionally hurt someone.
Being FEARLESS isn’t being 100% Not FEARFUL, it’s being terrified but you jump anyway...
Be the fearless girl that everyone knows would dare to do anything.
It’s hard to fight when the fight ain’t fair.
Don’t worry. You may think you’ll never get over it. But you also thought it would last forever.
Anytime someone tells me that I can’t do something, I want to do it more.
I don’t know if you know who you are, until you lose who you are.
I’m only me when I’m with you.
Fearless is not the absence of fear. Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take.
And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Here I was again tonight forcing laughter, faking smiles Same old tired, lonely place.
Why leave when you can stay, why stay if you have to go.
Happiness can be reached by choice and how you look at life.
The lesson I’ve learned the most often in life is that you’re always going to know more in the future than you know now.
Keeping your emotions all locked up is something that’s unfair to you. When you clearly know how you feel. You should say it.
And I’m dying to know, is it killing you like it’s killing me? And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name; it’s beautiful, wonderful, don’t you ever change.